gigasecond:change chrono crate link (#710)
exercism/rust: exercises/gigasecond/README.md

A gigasecond is 10^9 (1,000,000,000) seconds.

> If you're unsure what operations you can perform on `DateTime<Utc>` take a look at the [chrono crate](https://crates.io/crates/chrono) which is listed as a dependency in the `Cargo.toml` file for this exercise.

Reviewer: I think that it's better to point directly at the documentation than to crates.io. The issue was that we'd previously been pointing to a version of the documentation that has since become outdated.

The suggested link will automatically redirect to the most current version of the documentation, which should keep links fresh. 
```suggestion
If you're unsure what operations you can perform on `DateTime<Utc>` take a look at the [chrono crate](https://docs.rs/chrono) which is listed as a dependency in the `Cargo.toml` file for this exercise.
```
